the admin uneb project end point does not allow the deleting of the students' photos. it says error. failed to delete project. fix that such that the uneb projects can be deleted by the admins.

also add an endpoint for creation of new admins in @public/admin.html such that the new admin created receives an email with their first random password. (becasue creation of a new admin stimulates creation of a random 8 digit password with letters of upper case and lower case, numbers and characters). that password is emailed to that newly set admin and when they login with that password, the verification code is sent as usual and this time round after verifying, they are sent to the set password page like the same way teachers are made to set their initial password. in the admin page, @public/admin.html , under the creation of new admins must be the option of deleting existing admins with a mandatory space for first filling in a reason why the admin is going to be deleted (when an admin is deleted, an email to their inbox is stimulated to be sent showing the reason why they have been deleted and the person and the email of the person who deleted them) and the option of resetting passwords for admins which stimulates the person to receive an email also informing them about the password reset by what email it was requested, when and then also an initial password like on admin signup is created and sent in that email. hope you understand me well.

notifications for @public/studentdashboard.html must include notifications of successful or unsuccessful download of notes, successful or unsuccessful finishing of a quiz and an activity, and finally a notification of a new message on bytenexus including the sender, the sender's name but not the content in the message

if you realise, there is a notifications icon for teachers in @public/teacherdashboard.html , make that icon able to receive notifications when an admin deletes a certain teacher or fellow admin. also create an admin endpoint for sending messages to the teachers specifically.

also create a fall back mechanism for bytes such that when a student clicks and option of downloading notes and the process is unsuccessful, the bytes are refunded and also shown in the notification.