here is what i want us to do. 
1. we are going to solve the issue in sending and receiving messages. the messages can be sent, perfect! but i have noticed a minor glitch, that when i send a message to someone, yes, it reaches but in my display(ui) the messages duplicate themselves and it then looks like i have sent two messages though its perfect that the receiver receives one message. 2. i wanted things to be like when the message is sent but it doesnot go because of sender's connection problems, it shows a clock with the time it was sent, when it is sent but the intended recipient does not receive, a single grey tick mst appear in the message bubble. if it reaches the recipient but the recipient has not yet opened it, two grey ticks appear. when the recipient receives it and reads it, two green ticks appear and these remain there for every message. 3. i want us to organise the suggestions as independent and the search bar there. thats well and good but we should add a new "thing". suggestions show people in your stream and search enables you to search about the suggestions may be forgotten but i want us to add a new point for chats where every one you have ever chatted with. also, i want the people in chats to be arranged by the people with west messages first. no, in fact, it must be displayed according to time. the last person you chatted with must be on top. if you chatted with someone but then if you last chatted with someone at 9:00 pm, their chat will be at the top but if there is someone who sent you a new message at 9:01, their chat will be on top. let me hope you have understood this

NOTE: i swear to god, if you mess up anything in this chatting page, i dont know what i will do to you. please, do note mishandle anything. please do not mishandle anything. the chat can send and receive messages so must it be at the end of these corrections.












next, i have this problem with the whole schoolbyte. some pages are not linked well. well, they are linked well but i think the problem is with the jwt token. take an example of studentprofile.html once clicked, it redirects to studentlogin.html. i am pretty sure the cause is the jwt token. so, i actually want you to help me because the studentprofile.html is one of the many pages that have the same issue. almost evn all subject cards lead to the same problem once clicked



i want us to also handle the leaderboard. please make it a fully functional leaderboard. 
i also wanted us to design each page of the activities to actually be able to have the preview button but we must create that special link for the preview button to work and successfully display the work... also do that
dont ask me for any confirmations. just do all the commands i have given you. do them professionally